1. (10 points) In the assignment on Moodle, you are given a program lab8_part1.s.  This program does the following.  It converts an ASCII string of exactly 4 
decimal digits into its binary equivalent.

Determine the execution time of this program on an input where the number has 4 significant digits (for example, “5208”), and determine the execution time on an 
input where the number has just 1 significant digit with 3 leading zeros (for example, “0006”).


2. (20 points) Modify the Part 1 program (or write a new program) to try to speed up execution time by ignoring leading zeros in the input.  So, for example, when 
converting input “0047” to binary, your program will process only the 4 and the 7 to produce the binary equivalent of decimal 47.

Determine the execution time of your program on an input where the number has 4 significant digits (for example, “5208”), and determine the execution time on an input 
where the number has just 1 significant digit with 3 leading zeros (for example, “0006”).


3. (20 points) Write a program to take two decimal numbers given as ASCII strings, black and green, convert them to binary, add them, convert the sum to decimal then 
to ASCII, storing the result in yellow.  Assume that black and green are ASCII strings of exactly 7 decimal digits each (‘0’ - ‘9’).  Create and call at least three 
subroutines.

(1) Convert an ASCII string of exactly 7 decimal digits into its binary equivalent.  (You can adapt the code from either Part 1 or Part 2 above.)
(2) Convert a binary number to decimal.  Store each decimal digit (that is, the binary equivalent of each decimal digit) in a byte array.  For this lab, the result 
may have up to 8 decimal digits.
(3) Convert the byte array of decimal digits from Subroutine (2) to a byte array of ASCII equivalents.  Store such that the most significant digit is first.  
Store a 0 (NULL) in the byte immediately after the last ASCII digit stored in the array.


You will be given test data during lab time for which your code must work to receive credit.
